# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Megalive sau bao năm tháng Wri Read Lis cùng anh Huy 9.0 IELTS | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWaJpMbu3-4)

### Date: 15/06/2025
---

**Some people think that shops should not be allowed to sell any food or drink that has scientifically been proved to have bad effects on people's health**

**To what extent do you agree or disagree?**

**1. Opening**

**Note:** Sửa ngữ pháp trước rồi hãy paraphrase sau cũng được

**Version 1:** Some individuals claim that selling food or drink that has been scientifically proven to have a bad effect on people's health should be prohibited.

**Version 2:** Some individuals claim that selling food or beverages that has been proven by science to inflict damage upon consumer's health should be prohibited. Personally, I partly/totally agree/disagree with this suggestion based on some reasons that are provided in this essay.

**2. Main**

**Version 1:** In this day and age, the widespread availability of fast food and high caloric beverages has increased the chance that people may become overweight, leading to an alarming obesity rate that threatens the stability of human society. Not only would our healthcare system have to withstand an enormous pressure, but the overall productivity also declines. As most people get access to these damaging food and drink in physical stores, banning the sales of them is highly effective in ensuring a better well-being for the public.

**Version 2:** Nowadays, as junk food and high caloric beverages are highly accessible and affordable, they directly increase the rate of obesity and illnesses-related to this health problems, such as cardiovascular diseases or diabetes. These health conditions strain our healthcare system and make it hard for people to contribute positively to society through working. Since people primarily get access to these damaging foods in physical stores, banning them is highly effective in ensuring a higher well-being level for the general public.

On the other hand, banning all potentially damaging foods and drinks can be devastating to many people, leading to a call for a more cautious approach. In many nations around the world, especially developing ones, food production is a major economic sector that contributes to the livelihood of millions of people. Since the number of foods and drinks that can damage people's health is extremely massive, banning all of them would take away the jobs of countless individuals, elevating the rate of unemployment, poverty, and social chaos.

In conclusion, although there are opinions that food and drinks that may pose a health risk to people's health should be banned from selling, I believe that this approach can be beneficial but must be applied selectively. While this measure can reduce accessibility to problematic food and beverages, it can disrupt the ability to make a living of many individuals around the world, making it impractical if applied universally.