# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải đề Task 2 khó kinh khủng khiếp IELTS ngày 4/9 cùng anh Huy Forum | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlSKACTPWlA)

### Date: 05/09/2025
---

**Some people think that lawbreakers should be sent to prison. However, others think that better talents among those should be made to work**

**Discuss both views and give your opinion**

**1. Opening:** Viết lại đề sau đó trả lời câu hỏi 1 cách ngắn gọn

**Thach:** Some individuals claim that people who violate the law should suffer imprisonment. In contrast, some lawbreakers with valuable skills are thought to be better employed in work. Although both views hold merit, I agree more with the former perspective based on some reasons that are explained in this essay.

**Huy Forum:** Some individuals claim that people who violate the laws in a serious manner should be confined in jail. However, others suggesting among all criminals, ones with a gifted talent should be forced to work to contribute to society. Although both views hold merit, I believe that they should be implemented together wisely based on some reasons that are explained in this essay.

**2. Main**

**Paragraph 1 - Giải thích tại sao lawbreakers phải được gửi vô tù**

- Giữ an toàn cho xã hội
- Rehabilitation - cải tạo
- Deter people from violating the laws

[Nói ra những vấn đề cho suggestion này] -> [Dẫn chứng problems bằng ví dụ] -> [Nếu mình dùng suggestion này thì sẽ giải quyết được gì từ những vấn đề được nêu?].

**Version 1:** It is true that individuals who break the laws are more likely to have an ingrained antisocial set of behaviors, which may be caused from their upbringing, their surrounding environment, or their genetic compositions. As a result, ther is a high chance that they will recommit their crimes if they are allowed to continue living without any restrictions. This is why sending criminals to jail is very important as this approach can separate problematic individuals from society, protecting the public and leading to a lower crime rate.

**Version 2:** Many criminals commit crimes due to many long-term environmental factors, such as their social status, economic conditions, or their upbringing. For instance, people who lack access to job oppoturnities or educational resources may not be able to make a living, forcing them to commit crimes. Since these factors cannot be removed immediately, the chance of recividism among this group of people is significant. This is why sending them to jail and removing them from society can protect the general public better, leading to a lower crime rate.

**Paragraph 2 - Phạm tội nhưng có tài năng sẽ cần phải đi làm**

It is true that running a jail system is extremely costly since thousands of people are confined, requiring a constant supply of food, human resources for monitoring, and many other utility expenses. As a result, if criminals who have exceptional tants can start working, they can create an amount of money that can be usded to compensate for their own living expenditures. this would reduce the burden on each tax payer, helping the government allocate the resources for other more important social missions, such as building schools or hospitals.


**3. Closing**

In conclusion, although there are mixed opinions on determining the best ways to handle criminals, I believe that sending them to jail and allowing ones with talents to work should be done simultaneously. While forced confinement can protect society, allowing talented people to work can help offset some of the expenses that are used by the jail system.