# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải đề Writing 31.5 Task 2 cùng anh Huy 9.0 IELTS | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aexOa_r7Eg)

### Date: 07/06/2025
---

**Too much emphasis is given for the education of students. More government money should be spent on free time activities for young people**

**To what extent do you agree of disagree?**

**1. Opening**

Due to the thinking that education of students is being excessively focused on, some people claim that investing more money in improving free time activities for young people is more beneficial. Personally, I partly/totally/agree/disagree with this suggestion based on some reasons that are explained in this essay.

**2. Main**

**Khổ 1:** Liệu giáo dục có bị quá tập trung vào hay không?

- Đồng ý -> Chứng minh dư - không cần phải đầu tư lớn đến vậy do kết quả nhận được không tương xứng.
  - Do đầu tư quá nhiều, nên bằng cấp ai cũng có - dẫn đến dư thừa
  - Thà là thiếu, không có để tuyển, còn hơn là thừa

    Nowadays, as the government focuses extremely on helping more people get access to education, especially at the university level, too many people have a qualified degree. This would create a surplus and the current market cannot absorb all these supplies, leading to unemployment.  


- Không đồng ý -> Vẫn chưa đủ, hoặc chỉ cần nói là hiện nay đầu tư vẫn rất hạn chế

    **Version 1:** First and foremost, it is inaccurate to state that education of students is being overly invested as there are clear flaws that require better investment. In many nations, especially developing ones, the cost of education at a higher level is still comparatively expensive, making education accessible only to people from advantageous socioeconomic background. This lack of accessibility effectively suppress the productivity of workforce as many people must rely on manual work rather than have the ability to contribute intellectually to highly valued fields, such as technology, healthcare, or education.

    **Version 2:** It is not true that students' education is being invested excessively since there are many problems that are needed to address. First and foremost, the cost of higher education in many developing nations is still significantly higher than the average income level, making education at the university level inaccessible to many talented students. As a result, the workforce of these nations can only be directed to manually reliant fields, while technology is poorly developed.

**Khổ 2:**

**Version 1:** Due to rapid urbanization and the fact that land is primarily used for businesses and residential housing, there is a lack of open places for younger people to engage in recreational activities. As a result, many young people are living a sedentary lifestyle, rendering them physically compromised and isolating them socially. If the government can invest more in creating more places for young people, it would encourage them to be physically and socially active, helping them stay healthy and contribute more to society.

**Version 2:** First and foremost, young people lack open spaces for physical and social interactions during their free time as land in many urban areas is used for businesses or residential housing. Furthermore, the hustle and bustle lifestyle often makes it challenging for them to make friends or engage socially with others. These conditions weaken young people's quality of life and limit their productivity. As a result, if the government can invest more in helping young people with there recreational time, either by constructing more green places or organizing online events for making friends, young people's mental and physical well-being can be maintained better, benefiting society as a whole.

**3. Closing**

In conclusion, although there are mixed opinions on determining whether the focus on education of students is enough or excessive, I believe that investing in education is highly needed due to the lack of accessibility to it in many parts of the world. However, the demand for higher quality activities that young people can engage in recreationally is still needed for their physical and mental health.

