# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải đề IELTS Writing task 2 mới nhất cùng anh Huy 9.0 IELTS | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFl8fn_kV94)

### Date: 08/06/2025
---

**Some people believe that housing is a basic human right for all people and the government should provide free houses for everyone**

**To what extent do you agree of disagree?**

**1. Opening:** Viết lại đề sau đó trả lời câu hỏi 1 cách ngắn gọn

Some people suggest that as humans are entitled to having an accommodation for themselves, providing houses without any charge for everyone should be the responsibility of the government. Personally, I partly/totally agree/disagree with this suggestion based on some reasons that are explained in this essay.

**2. Main**

**Khổ 1:** Chứng minh là có các lợi ích khi cung cấp nhà ở miễn phiến cho tất cả mọi người.

**a. Giảm gánh nặng tài chính cho người dân**

**Version 1:** Nowadays, people often have to handle many financial responsibilities, such as housing, healthcare, and education.

**Version 2:** Nowadays, the cost of housing is extremely expensive given in the scarcity of land and the inflation that devaluates our currency. As a result, many residents fail to have enough resources to take care of other aspects of their lives, such as healthcare, education, and even entertainment. Thus, if the government can provide universal housing for everyone, people's quality of living would be enhanced as their physical and mental well-being can be preserved better.

**Version 3:** Nowadays, housing is extremely inaccessible as the scarcity of land becomes increasingly severe, and the inflation has weakened the currency of our money and decreased people's purchasing power. As people must prioritize housing first, they fail to have enough money left for other aspects of their lives, such as education and healthcare, which decreases their quality of living. If the government can ensure free housing for everyone, it could significantly improve the conditions of live of many individuals, boosting their satisfaction and improving the collective happiness of society.

**b. Giảm tỉ lệ vô gia dư**

**Version 1:** Nowadays, as housing becomes increasingly expensive, many citizens fail to afford it, leading to widespread homelessness and fueling the intention to commit crimes to satisfy basic needs. As a result, if the government can provide free housing for all citizens, the rate of homelessness and crimes could be reduced significantly, ensuring a safer living environment for everyone in society and protecting the rights of people whose socioeconomic background is disadvantaged.

**Khổ 2:** Nêu ra khó khăn khi chính quyền phải cung cấp nhà ở miễn phí cho tất cả mọi người

Nowadays, the population of many nations has been unprecedentedly large, and it has increased extremely fast in some parts of the world. As a result, in order to provide universal houses for everyone, the government must handle a massive amount of expenses, which would either be impractical or damaging to the economy as resources must be diverted away from other essential areas such as education or healthcare. Also, as the demand for housing motivates people to work and contribute meaningfully to society, granting free houses for all citizens can lead to complacency, limiting productivity and reducing economic growth.

**3. Closing**

In conclusion, although there are mixed opinions on determining whether the government should be responsible for providing houses for all citizens, I believe that while some people may need help, housing is a matter of personal responsibility. While people from impoverished backgrounds require housing support to limit homelessness rates, the demand for housing helps others stay productive and avoid complacency.