# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Megalive 3 kỹ năng Wri/Read/Lis cùng anh Huy 9.0 IELTS | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHHJeI-pvCQ)

### Date: 16/07/2025
---

**Some people believe that young people who commit serious crimes should be punished in the same way as adults**

**To what extent do you agree or disagree?**

**1. Opening**: Viết lại đề và trả lời câu hỏi một cách ngắn gọn

**Version 1:** Some individuals think that regardless of offenders' age, their punishment should be the same

**Version 2:** Some individuals think that despite the young age of some criminal offenders, their punishments should be similar to what an adult would need to endure. Personally, I partly/totally agree/disagree with this suggestion based on some reasons that are explained in this essay.

**2. Main**: Đồng ý một phần

**Imprisonment:**
- Force separation from society - ensure public safety
- Deliberate education and rehabilitation for offenders - to contribute positively to society in the future.

**Paragraph 1:**

**Version 1:** If the legal system treats young people lightly while punishing adults more heavier, it would fail the mission of deterring young people from committing crimes. Furthermore, another important goal of punishing, including imprisonment, is to seperate criminals from the public, ensuring the safety for the masses. As a result, a shorter sentence would mean that normal people need to get exposed to problematic individuals sooner, endangering their safety.

**Version 2:** The reason behind punishing criminals is to ensure that the victims receive acknowledgement from the legal system, and offenders are punished based on the extent of damage that inflict upon others. As a result, punishing young people similarly to adults is a form of restorative justice, which can ensure the benefit of victims as well as other people in society.

**Paragraph 2:**

However, there is a clear reason behind giving young people a lighter punishment level. The legal system in most nations often assigns sentences or punishments based on the ability of offenders to understand the gravity and impact of their illegal actions. Since young people often lack legal knowledge and real-life experiences, their understanding of the consequences of their own actions is limited, meaning that it is not fair to treat them as adults.

**3. Closing**

In conclusion, although there are mixed opinions on whether the legal system should assign equal sanctions for young people as adults. I believe that the goal of punishment is to educate the offenders about the gravity of their sentences. However, the awareness of the seriousness of young people's guilty behaviors is still limited therefore they can not be accused the same way as adults.