# SOURCE: [A disaster of Titanic proportions](https://study4.com/tests/2009/practice/?part=6015)

**1. Lookout** /ˈlʊk.aʊt/ (n): a person who watches for danger
- One of the **burglars** (bọn trộm) waited outside to act as a lookout.

**A high place where a person can look at what is happening in the area around them, especially in order to watch for any danger**
- Turner works at the fire lookout on Carey Dome.

**2. Mast** /mæst/ (n) [BOAT]: a tall **pole** (cây sào/cột) on a boat or ship that supports its sails

**3. Mast** /mæst/ (n) [RADIO/TELEVISION]: a tall metal pole used to support an aerial for radio, television, or mobile phone signals.
- A television/radio mast

**4. Eerie** /ˈɪr.i/ (adj): strange in a frightening and mysterious way
- She heard the eerie noise of the wind howling through the trees
- **eerie feeling** He had the eerie feeling that he had met this stranger before

**5. Mass** /mæs/ (adj): having an effect on or involving a large number of people or forming a large amount
- Weapons of mass destruction
- A mass murderer
- Mass **starvation** (Nạn đói)
- Opposition groups plan to stage mass demonstrations all over the country

**6. Mass** /mæs/ (n) [LARGE AMOUNT]: a large amount of something that has no particular shape or arrangement
- The explosion reduced the church to a mass of **rubble** (đống đổ nát)
- The forest is a mass of colour in autumn

**7. Mass** /mæs/ (n) [SOLID LUMP]: a solid **lump** (cục u) with no clear shape
- The sauce was now a sticky mass at the bottom of the pan

**8. Mass** /mæs/ (n) [ORDINARY PEOPLE]: **the masses** - the ordinary people who form the largest group in a society
- He was popular with the rich but failed to win the support of the masses.

**9. Mass** /mæs/ (n) [PHYSICS]: the amount of matter in any solid object or in any volume of liquid or gas
- The acceleration of a body equals the force exerted on it divided by its mass

**10. Mass** /mæs/ (n) [RELIGIOUS CEREMONY]: a religious ceremony in some Christian Churches based on Jesus' last meal with his disciples, or music written for parts of this ceremony
- To go to Mass

**11. Mass** /mæs/ (v): to come together in large numbers
- Thousands of **troops** (quân đội) have massed along the border in preparation for an **invasion** (cuộc xâm lược)

**12. Helm** /helm/ (n): the handle or wheel which controls the direction in which a ship or boat travels
- **At the helm** Who was at the helm when the collision occurred?

**12. Helm** /helm/ (v): to direct or control something
- The three plays were each helmed by different directors.
- He will be helming several upcoming episodes of the series.
- A lot will be expected of a restaurant helmed by a chef with three Michelin stars.

**13. Maritime** /ˈmer.ə.taɪm/ (adj): connected with human activity at sea
- Amalfi and Venice were important maritime powers.
- Make sure you visit the maritime museum if you're interested in anything to do with ships or seafaring.

**near the sea or coast**
- The temperature change in winter is less pronounced in maritime areas.
- Negotiators focused on the three **pillars** (trụ cột) of maritime transport: international shipping, maritime **auxiliary** (phụ trợ) services, and access to and use of port facilities

**14. Strike** /straɪk/ (v) [STOP WORK]: to refuse to continue working because of an argument with an employer about working conditions, pay levels, or job losses
- **the right to strike** **Democratization** (Dân chủ hóa) has brought workers the right to strike and join a trade union.
- **strike for** We're striking for better pay and improved safety standards.

**15. Strike** /straɪk/ (v) [CAUSE SUFFERING]: to cause a person or place to suffer severely from the effects of something very unpleasant that happens suddenly
- **disaster strikes** I have a life insurance policy that will take care of my family if disaster strikes
- The disease has struck the whole community, sometimes wiping out whole families.
- **earthquake strikes** They predict that a large earthquake will strike the west coast before the end of the decade.

**16. Strike** /straɪk/ (v) [HIT]: to hit or attack someone or something forcefully or violently
- Her car went out of control and struck an oncoming vehicle.
- **strike someone on something** The **autopsy** (khám nghiệm tử thi) revealed that his murderer had struck him on the head with an iron bar.
- **be struck by lightning** Have you ever been struck by lightning?
- **strike something on something** He bent and struck a match on the sole of his boot.

**17. Strike** /straɪk/ (v) [SUCCEED]: to achieve a sudden success, such as by scoring a goal in football or taking a wicket in cricket
- Arsenal struck first, scoring in the twelfth minute.
- Johnson struck when he had Atapattu caught by Read.

**18. Strike** /straɪk/ (v) [REMOVE]: to remove something officially from a document
- **strike something from something** Please strike my name from your mailing list immediately.
- **be struck off** Several unreliable dealers have been struck off our list of authorized suppliers.

**18. Strike** /straɪk/ (v) [DISCOVER]: to discover a supply of oil, gas, or gold underground
- **strike oil** The first person to strike oil in the US was Edwin Laurentine Drake.

**19. Strike** /straɪk/ (v) [AGREE]: to reach or make an agreement
- **strike a deal** Do you think the government should try to strike a deal with the terrorists?

**20. Strike** /straɪk/ (v) [FEEL/THINK]: to cause someone to have a feeling or idea about something
- **strike someone as something** Doesn't it strike you as odd that he never talks about his family?
- **be struck by** I was immediately struck by the similarities between the two murders.

**21. Strike** /straɪk/ (v) [MOVE BODY]: to move your body into a particular position
- **strike a pose/attitude** She may be 67, but she can still strike a sexy pose.

**22. Strike** /straɪk/ (v) [MAKE COINS]: to make a metal disc-shaped object such as a coin with a machine that quickly presses a picture into a piece of metal
- **strike a coin** When was the first pound coin struck?
- A special medal has been struck to celebrate the end of the war.

**23. Strike** /straɪk/ (v) [TENT]: to take down a tent or a number of tents
- **strike a tent** When the **troops** (quân đội) had exhausted food and firewood, they struck their tents and moved on.
- **strike camp** We struck camp next day and set off down the mountain.

**24. Burst** /bɝːst/ (v): to break open or apart suddenly, or to make something do this
- **burst open** Suddenly the door burst open (= opened suddenly and forcefully) and police officers rushed in.
- I hate it when balloons burst.

**to feel a strong emotion, or strong wish to do something**
- **burst with** I knew they were bursting with curiosity but I said nothing.
- **burst to** Tom was bursting to tell everyone the news

**burst into flames**: to suddenly burn strongly, producing a lot of flames
- Smoke started pouring out from underneath, then the truck burst into flames.

**25. Burst** /bɝːst/ (n) [BREAK]: the act of breaking open so that what is inside comes out
- A burst in the water pipe

**26. Burst** /bɝːst/ (n) [INCREASE]: a sudden increase in something, especially for a short period
- **burst of energy** With a burst of energy, they were able to finish the job before the deadline
- **burst of speed** With a burst of speed, the dog took off after the ball. 
- She came out on stage to a burst of applause. 
- A burst of laughter.

**27. Rivet** /ˈrɪv.ɪt/ (n): a metal pin used to fasten flat pieces of metal or other thick materials such as leather

**28. Rivet** /ˈrɪv.ɪt/ (v): to fasten parts together with a rivet
- Many parts of an aircraft are riveted together.

**If something rivets someone, it attracts and keeps someone's attention**
- Her performance riveted the audience.

**be riveted**: to not be able to stop looking at something because it is so interesting or frightening
- It was an amazing film - I was absolutely riveted.