# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải đề IELTS Task 2 cực khó + Lý thuyết chuyên sâu dạng YES/NO/NG cùng anh Huy Forum 9.0 IELTS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOEGdDfeAzA)

### Date: 24/06/2025
---

**In many workplaces, creativity and imagination are becoming more valued than technical expertise. Why is this the case?**

**Is this a positive or negative development?**


**1. Opening**: Viết lại đề, sau đó trả lời 2 câu hỏi 1 cách ngắn gọn

In a large number of professional environments, the role of creativity and imagination has become increasingly essential, while technical expertise has been overlooked more. In this essay, I would evaluate the reasons behind this development before proposing whether it is beneficial or detrimental.

**2. Main**

**Khổ 1**: Trả lời why is this the case?

**Version 1:** In the past, production relied heavily on humans as workers must manually help machines run or guide them closely to avoid errors. However, with the development of technology, many repetitive tasks related to technical functions can be performed by machines, undermining the demand for technical expertise. In contrast, as technology has not yet replaced humans in creating and innovating, these values have been more emphasized by many workplaces.

**Version 2:** In the past era of industrialization, technical knowledge was highly valued as workers must spervise machine functions or personally execute technical tasks. However, thanks to the emergence of artificial intelligence and automation, these repetitive tasks, such as production and manufacturing, have been done completely by machines. However, as machines cannot replace humans' intellectual capabilities, creativity and imagination are still highly needed and valued.

**Khổ 2**: Tích cực hay tiêu cực

Although creativity and imagination are essential in the modern world, they cannot be developed effectively without a solid technological foundation. For instance, when a director of a software company has a vision for a new smartphone that is unique and different from others in the same market, computer and software engineers are still needed to finalize the creation. As a result, the lack of focus on technical expertise make make it challenging for new ideas to manifest, leading to a decrease in innovation that can improve humans lives.


**3. Conclusion**: Tóm tắt ngắn gọn lại nội dung đã nói

In conclusion, creativity and imagination have been emphasized more by many employers due to the change in our technological foundations. However, I believe that this development is negative as new ideas still require technical knowledge to manifest, and without it, innovation can never become actualized.