# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải đề IELTS Task 2 siêu mới ngày 30/8 cùng anh Huy Forum | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iHaUCItDAzk)

### Date: 04/09/2025
---

**International air travel has a negative impact upon the environment and should therefore be restricted.**

**Do you agree or disagree**

**1. Opening:** Viết lại đề sau đó trả lời câu hỏi 1 cách ngắn gọn

**Thach:** Some people believe that a perilous influence on environment is held by international air travel and suggest the gorvenment should impose some restrictions on this service. In this essay, I would disagree about this suggestion based on some reasons that are explained below.

**Huy Forum:** Some individuals suggest that the environment is negatively affected by traveling internationally by air, so this mode of transport should be limited. Personally, I agree/disagree with this suggestion due to some reasons that are explained in this essay.

**2. Main**

**Paragraph 1: Ô nhiễm môi trường còn nặng hơn đó ku**

[Nói ra những vấn đề mà không thể dùng suggestion này] -> [Dẫn chứng problems bằng ví dụ] -> [Nếu mình dùng suggestion này thì sẽ gây ra hậu quả gì từ những vấn đề được nêu? / Claim luôn là không thể thực hiện được].

- Đường tiết kiệm thời gian nhất cho mọi người khi di chuyển xa

**Version 1:** When traveling internationally by air is not allowed, people would need to use other modes of transportation, which lead to not only a longer route but a significant delay.

**Version 2:** It is true that traveling by plane is highly efficacious given the fact that it follows the shortest path between destinations with a significantly faster speed.

**Version 3:** First and foremost, restricting air travel can lead to even more pollution and emissions of green houses gases. It is true that air travel is responsible for only around 3% to 5% of the overall carbon emissions compared to other methods of travel. When we restrict air travel, other means of transportation need to be used more, causing even more CO2 being released that worsen climate change. Furthermore, since flight route is potentially the shortest compared to other paths, restricting this mode of travel leads to longer routes, resulting in more emissions and pollutants being released.

**Version 4:** First and foremost, the impact of air travel on the environment is not as significant as what it caused by other modes of transportation. Specifically, airplanes collectively are responsible for under one-tenth of all carbon emissions being released every year, and if they are not allowed to function normally, people would start using other types of transit. As a result, it causes even more emissions and pollute the planet far more severely.

