# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Megalive Writing/Reading/Listening cùng anh Huy Forum 9.0 IELTS | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVkAILD7xFE)

### Date: 13/07/2025
---

**Many aspects of the way people dress today are influenced by global fashion trends. How has global fashion become such a strong influence on people's lives?**

**Do you think this is a positive or negative development?**

**1. Opening**

Nowadays, global fashion trends have a massive impact on the way that each person dresses on a **daily basis**. In this essay, I would explain the reasons behind the strong influence of international fashion trends before proposing whether it is beneficial or detrimental.

**2. Main**
- Tại sao xu hướng thời trang thế giới lại ảnh hưởng sâu rộng khắp nơi như vậy
    - Hãy xem xét thử những thay đổi trong cuộc sống
      - Văn hóa
      - Công nghệ -> Social media / Internet / Celebrity
      - Lối sống
      - Thu nhập
    - Để giải thích xu hướng này một cách rõ ràng nhất

**Paragraph 1:**

**TCA Teachnique**

**Version 1:** In the past, fashion trends were not adopted widely since there were no effective means of information transmission, and styles were often localized and did not have a massive impact. However, as the Internet increases the reach of fashion information along with the use of social media, emerging fashion trends can be known of more easily by people around the world. As a result, each international fashion trend has a much stronger impact on people compared to in the past.

**Version 2:** In the past, people's fashion was influenced mostly by culture or social norms since individuals did not interact with people living at a large distance easily due to the lack of communication methods. In contrast, as most people use the Internet and social media nowadays, fashion trends can be learned of easily, and once they are adopted by famous people, other ordinary individuals would follow. As a result, this is why international fashion trends have impacted people more strongly in the modern world.

**Paragraph 2:**

**Version 1:** When the designers create new clothing products, they always want to keep customers on a hook by consistently introducing new styles and trying to persuade customers to buy more. As a result, consumers tend to buy a much larger quantity of clothing items in a short period of time, meanthing that they released more used products to the environment. This is a waste of resources and increases environmental issues.

**Version 2:** Many fashion brands, in their pursuit of generating more profit, try to put out as many styles and trends as possible and influence consumers to buy more products, either by social media promotion or through celebrity endorsement. As a result, the number of clothing items that each consumer shops increase exponentially, meaning that more resources are wasted and a lot of used products are discarded into the environment. Consequently, the trend that people are influenced by international fashion styles is negative, especially from an environmental perspective.


**3. Closing**

In conclusion, people are influenced by international fashion trends more due to the widespread use of social media and the Internet in general. I believe that this trend is highly perilous as it results in a large amount of waste in material and disposal into the environment, causing pollution and depleting resources.