# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải để Writing 26/7 và Listening Part 1 cùng anh Huy 9.0 IELTS | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5q4Bkk7wquw)

### Date: 27/07/2025
---

**In some societies, sports and entertainment figures are more valued than professionals such as doctors and teachers.**

**Why is this the case, and do you consider it a positive or negavtive trend?**

**1. Opening**: Viết lại đề sau đó trả lời câu hỏi 1 cách ngắn gọn

**DIY:** In several communities, professionals such as doctors and teachers are considered to be less valuable than people who work in sports and entertaining areas. In my opinion, I would like to explain the reason behind why this trend occurs before evaluating whether it is beneficial or detrimental in this essay.

**Huy the forum:** In a number of socities, it is common for people in the industries of sports and entertainment to be valued more than individuals with specific expertise like doctors of medicine and teachers. In this essay, I would evaluate the cause behind this situation before proposing whether it is beneficial or detrimental.

**2. Main**

**Paragraph 1: Giải thích tại sao lại có hiện tượng trên**

**DIY:** There are some reasons that explain why some societies value more highly on sports and entertainment figures. In this day and age, not only are the sports players and entertaining artists good at their specific expertise,, the appearance of them is also being upgrated which leads to appeal more and more supporters from variety of ages and other entertaining industries. As a result, it brings about opportunities for the sponsors to spark the marketing to achieve more benefits.

**Huy the forum:**
- **Tangible achievement:**

**Version 1:** Since sports or entertainment star have more tangible achievements or products, they can reach a wider range of audience. People in society tend to put more value on achievements that can be comprehended or hold more tangible connections with their lives. For instance, while sports persons can be watched regularly in many tournamnets, artists appear in many films or create many musical pieces thay are relished by a large number of people. Teachers and doctors, on the other hand, despite contributing significantly to society, have accomplishments that are harder to quantify. While educators require a long time to help their students, doctors also need a large team to provide effective treatment for their patients.

**Verion 2:** People in society often comprehend tangible achievements more compared to intangible contributions. While athletes can be observed directly in sporting activities, entertainment people regularly put out artistic products, such as films, musical pieces, or other entertainment forms. On the other hands, teachers or doctors require a very long period of time to prove their worth, either by significantly improving the learning outcomes of students or helping patients overcome medical issues. As a result, it is common for people to overlook the roles of professionals while caring excessively about people in the entertainment and sports industries.


**Paragraph 2: Tiêu cực dễ viết hơn**

Although the attention and fame that many entertainment or sports figures receive are immense and desirable, achieving such a result is exceptionally challenge. However, many young people often fail to recognize the unrealistic nature of these careers, meaning that they waste a lot of time and money in the pursuit of becoming an athlete or an artist. In contrast, teachers, engineers, and doctors of medicines form the foundation of a prosperous society, and without the attention from the public, people would not want to get involved in these careers, leading to the instability and prohibiting development.
