# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải đề Task 2 ngày 29/7 siêu quái cùng anh Huy Forum | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=949laoMwJb0)

### Date: 01/08/2025
---

**If people could choose between a life without working or a life spending too much time working, people would choose a life without work**

**To what extent do you agree or disagree?**

**1. Opening**: Viết lại đề sau đó trả lời câu hỏi 1 cách ngắn gọn

**Thach:** When an individual can decide whether to live in a life that they do not need to work or to excessively concentrate on working, they would choose to enjoy the life without work. Personally, I totally/partly agree/disagree with this thinking based on some reasons that will be explained in this essay.

**Huy the forum:** When it comes to choosing a life without work or a life with a lot of professional obligations, a persoan would inevitably choose the former scenario. Personally, I partly/totally agree/disagree with this thinking due to some reasons that are explained in this essay.

**2. Main**

**Đồng ý 100%**

**Paragraph 1:** Đồng ý 100% trước, tức là cuộc sống quá nhiều công việc rất là không tốt, còn cuộc sống không có công việc gì thì rất là vui vẻ

**Version 1:** On the one hand, there are some major drawbacks when a person choose a life with too much work obligations to fulfill. When work becomes an over-concentrated part of a person's life, they would not have enough time for other important activities and aspects of their lives. For instance, their time spent with family members or friends is limited, while their own passions and desires cannot be fulfilled. As a result, it would break the work-life balance, causing mental illinesses, physical exhaustion, or even other medical problems.

**Version 2:** On the one hand, there are some major drawbacks when a person chooses a life with too much work obligations to fulfill. Although work is highly important, there are other essential areas that human must fulfill in order to achieve genuine happiness. When they focus excessively on working, the amount of time that they can allocate for pursuing their personal passion, connecting with friends, or bonding with family members would become insufficient. This imbalance would result in mental pressure and physical exhaustion, leading to illnesses and taking away people's chance to lead a meaningful life.

**Paragraph 2:** Tại sao một cuộc sống không cần phải làm gì có thể beneficial và có ý nghĩa

On the other hand, being removed from the responsibility of working can give people a chance to acquire more skills and discover the world around them. One of the contributors to people's emotional well-being is the ability to improve themselves by acquiring new knowledge and becoming a better version of themselves. By using the time that is supposed to spend on working, people can pursue academic passions or directly learn about the cutural and societal values of regions around the world through traveling.

---
**Không đồng ý 100%**

On the one hand, a life that is absent of a professional career may lead to boredom, which eventually results in many other problems. It is true that a career is not simply a way for people to make a living, but it can help individuals expand their social circles and pursue their passion. While professional environments carry the possibility of many potential social relationship, they can provide the resources for people to create products and services that contribute positively to society. As a result, without working, the ability to maintain the balance in a persion's life is greatly limited, potentially leading to isolation and even mental illnesses.
