# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải đề IELTS Task 2 ngày 6/7 và Listening Part 1 siêu khó cùng Huy Forum | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-APmUjKU2k)

### Date: 07/09/2025
---

**In this technological age, personal information is held on computer by many companies and organizations**

**Do you think the advantages outweigh the disadvantages**

**1. Opening:** Viết lại đề sau đó trả lời câu hỏi 1 cách ngắn gọn
 
**Thach:** Since the dawn of technological era, holding personal information on computer is performed by the majority of firms and authorities. In this essay, I would evaluate both the pros and cons before proposing whether or not the positive aspects overperform its drawbacks.

**Huy Forum:** In the era of technological development, storing personal data on computers has become a common approach of a large number of companies and organizations. In this essay, I would evaluate the benefits and problems of this trend before proposing which side is more prominent.

**2. Main**

**Paragraph 1 - Tích cực**
- Dễ quản trị data
- Kích thước lưu trữ lớn hơn
- Dễ tìm kiếm

**Version 1:** Thanks to the use of modern technology, such as the Internet and computers, a large amount of personal information can be stored without any physical restriction.

**Version 2 - TCA technique:** In the past, personal data often relied on physical paper, which required a lot of space and made the content susceptible to natural deterioration. Thanks to the use of the Internet and computers, information can be stored virtually, meaning that the amount of data is unlimited, and its proliferation can be secured for the rest of the time. As a result, the new approach helps reduce the cost associated with physical spaces and protect the integrity of the data better.

**Paragraph 2 - Tiêu cực:**

- Dễ bị ảnh hưởng tới privacy
- Mất dữ liệu cá nhân

On the Internet, information can be accessed easily from any location around the world. However, this ability open the doors for people with malicious intents to use the information of people, from their address, name, to family history, to make financial gain. For instance, cyber attacks can take away the identity of a person, which is eventually used to open credit cards, make virtual purchase, an cause financial damage to the victims.

Despite the clear benefits of storing personal data virtually, there are some major drawbacks. First and foremost, technological errors, which range from negligence of users to deliberate sabotages, can destroy a large amount of personal data, making it costly for recovery or re-submission. Furthermore, cyberattacks are extremely common when people with malicious intents try to get access to confidential data and use it for financial gains. For instance, the rate of online scamming has surged massively due to the leakage of personal data.

**3. Closing**

In conclusion, I believe that virtual storage of data offers more benefits compared to the potential drawbacks that may occur. While this approach allows data to be stored more conveniently and in larger amounts, it can lead to a reduction in cost and accessibility to information. Although there are chances that leakage or errors may happen, it can be mitigated with appropriate cyber security measures.