# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải đề Writing Task 2 ngày 2/8 và Listening Part 2 cùng anh Huy Forum | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r60279XPyS4&t=24s)

### Date: 05/08/2025
---

**Prompt: In today's world, private companies rather than the government pay for and conduct most scientific research.**

**Do you think the advantages outweigh disadvantages?**
-> In this essay, I would evaluate both the pros and cons before proposing whether or not the positive aspect overperform its drawbacks

**1. Opening** Viết lại đề sau đó trả lời câu hỏi 1 cách ngắn gọn

**Thach:** In this day and age of world, The majority of scientific researches are invested and implemented by personal companies rather than government. In this essay, I would like to explain why this happens before discussing whether it is beneficial or detrimental.

**Huy the forum - Version 1:** In this day and age, paying and conducting most scientific research have been executed more frequently by private companies, while the involvement of the government is limited. In this essay

**Huy the forum - Version 2:** In this day and age, scientific study has been funded and executed primarily by private companies, while the involvement of the government is limited. Personally, I believe that this development brings about more benefits than problems.

**2. Main**

**Paragraph 1:** Tích cực
- Tạo điều kiện phát triển cho cá nhân công ty và xã hội.

**Version 1:** In order to conduct rigorous research that can lead to the discoveries of new knowledge or innovation, it requires the participation of experts and the use of advanced technology, which results in a lot of money. Since private companies have vast resources, investing in research benefits science significantly, Also, the results of research, such ad the discovery of new pharmaceutical products, not only can it generate significant profit for a company, benefiting themselves and all people within the firms.

**Version 2:** There are two major benefits when private companies invest in scientific research. First and foremost, the results of study can be a major contributor to the sustainable development of a company. For instance, by investing money in researching, companies can create new products that help satisfy an unmet need in their markets, helping them yield significant resources that fuel their future operation. Furthermore, the sophistication of each research means that handling it using only money from the government is not feasible, making the contribution of private companies necessary and essential.


**Paragraph 2:** Tiêu cực

On the other hand, the lack of participation of the government in scientific research can damage the ability to uncover new knowledge. Since private companies are under a compulsory obligation to only execute task that profit their shareholders, investing in science without result in profit is unacceptable for them. As a result, many aspects of science would be overlooked and undermined if their results can potentially damage the profit of private companies. This is why the government must use its resources to fund necessary areas of science such as healthcare and general knowledge, which helps our society progression without depending on a very small number of wealthy conglomerates.

**3. Closing**

- **Tự làm đi**