# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải Writing Task 2 ngày 24/7 và Listening Part 2 cùng anh Huy Forum | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmpmShReFaM)

### Date: 25/07/2025
---

**School should stop teaching with books and instead use films, TV, computers and video games.**

**To what extent do you agree or disagree?**

**1. Opening**: Viết lại đề sau đó trả lời câu hỏi 1 cách ngắn gọn

Rather than relying on books, schools should deliver knowledge by using multimedia content from film, TV, or computers. Personally, I partly agree with this suggestion based on some reasons that are explained in this essay.

**2. Main**

**Paragraph 1:**

**Should not do:**
Since video games or TV are more interactive compared to books, they can help teach objects that can not be comprehended easily.
- Chưa đủ sâu
- Cần phải chi tiết hơn, nói rõ ra tại sao lại giúp dễ hiểu hơn.

**Version 1:** It is true that many student find it challenging to comprehend abstract knowledge, such as mathematics or chemical reactions, or imagine about past situations that are often required in history learning. Since computers, video games, or films can directly visualize these knowledge pieces, they can help student acquire information better, leading to a better educational outcome. 

**Version 2:** It is true that many student find it challenging to comprehend knowledge that can not be illustrated directly in front of their eyes. For instance, learning about chemical reactions without seeing the experiment or imagining of past political conflicts in history education can be a common trouble of most students in all age groups. Since computers and other multimedia sources can visualize many abstract knowledge pieces, they can lead to a superior educational outcome, helping students learn better and reducing the effort that each teacher must contribute.

**Paragraph 2:**

Although teaching through computers or video game can be significantly more interactive, designing lessons for each stage of the learning program would be exceptionally morass. For instance, each game must be adjusted based on not only knowledge but also the level of student, while having computers or a large screen for teaching is not widely prevalent. As a result, books still offer a highly effective means of teaching, helping students learn regardless of the technological conditions.

**3. Closing**

In conclusion, although teaching through modern means can be effective since they visualize knowledge better, it is not practical in all cases, especially in areas with lower accessibility to technology. As a result, books are still an effective way to help students learn, and technological uses should be based on the individual need of each school.