# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Megalive 3 kỹ năng Wri/Read/Lis cùng anh Huy 9.0 IELTS | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ce6OrL4OqH8)

### Date: 24/07/2025
---

**Many young people today spend a lot of time playing electronic games.**

**Is this a positive or a negative development?**

**1. Opening:** Viết lại đề và trả lời câu hỏi 1 cách ngắn gọn

In this day and age, spending a lot of time playing electronic games has become a common habit of many young people. Personally, I believe that this development is detrimental and I will provide the reasons behind my evaluation in this essay.

**2. Main**

Tiêu cực của việc chơi game electronic games nhiều:
- Ảnh hưởng tới sức khỏe

In order for people to maintain their health at an optimal level, not only do they have to engage in regular physical activities, but they also need to have social interaction with other people. As playing electronic games is inherently physically passive, it would decrease the intensity and frequency of physical activeness, leading to many health problems, such as obesity or diabetes. Further more, playing electronic games can isolate people as their interactions are primarily virtual and lack emotional exchange, resulting in mental isolation or even psychological disorders.

- Học tập + làm việc:

As electronic games are increasingly optimized to attract players with striking visuals and contents, it is common for young people who often lack the ability to control themselves to play even more day after day. Consequently, young people who excessively engage in playing electronic game find it challenging to satisfy their educational or professional obligations, causing disruptions and eventually exacerbating the physical and mental problems that were mentioned previously.

**3. Closing**

In conclusion, as electronic games are played increasingly by people of younger ages, I believe that it is a problematic development. Not only can it damage people's physical and mental well-being, but electronic games can deprive people of beneficial social interactions, leading to isolation.