# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải đề IELTS Task 2 ngày 22/7 cùng anh Huy 9.0 IELTS | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubnrkd8dYfc)

### Date: 23/07/2025
---

****

**In some cities, public parks and open places are changed into gardens where local residents can grow their fruit and vegetables.**

**Do you think the benefits outweigh the disadvantages?**

**1. Opening**

**Version 1:** In a number of urban areas, changing public parks and open spaces into gardens where local residents can grow their own fruit and vegetables has become a popular approach.

**Version 2:** In a number of urban areas, resident can grown their own fruit and vegetables using spare places in parks or other open areas. In this essay, I would evaluate the benefits and drawbacks of this development before proposing which side is more prominent.

**2 Main**

**Tích cực:**

- Tận dụng không gian

In many cities, open spaces are often left without any purposes, which damages the aesthetic of the cities. When people are allowed to grow their own vegetables and fruit in these places, they can satisfy their dietary demands, which saves a lot of money, and the greenery landscape can improve the overall aesthetic of the cities. 

- **Tiết kiệm chi phí**

**Version 1:** Moreover, the diet of normal residents contains a lot of fruit and vegetables, meaning that the normal expenses for the purchase of these products are often significant. As a result, if people are allowed to grow their own produce in open spaces or parks that have no other usages, they can save a lot of money, helping them invest in other aspects of their lives.

**Version 2:** When people live in a close community are allowed to grow fruit and vegetables in an open space, they can enjoy produce that is fresher, has more flavor, and satisfy the nutritional needs of people. Also, this can limit the demand for transporting produce, which can be heavy, costly, and release a lot of pollutants and greenhouse gases.

**Tiêu cực:**

On the other hand, when people are allowed to grow their own fruit and vegetables, they can satisfy their demands without having to rely on agricultural products of others. Unfortunately, in many nations, agriculture comprises a large part of the economy, meaning that it will lead to a large number of unemployed people, endangering the social stability and the general well-being of society.

Additionally, in many urban places, public parks are places where people can do physical exercises or interact with each other, while open places are used as a playground for young children. If they are turned into gardens that grow fruit and vegetables, they will no longer satisfy the initial purposes, depriving citizens of essential activities.

**3. Closing**

In conclusion, after considering both the benefits and problems of this development, I believe that this development brings about more positive/negative implications. Although it can help local residents save a degree of cost, allowing the cultivation of fruit and vegetables in green parks or open spaces can disrupt their normal functions and decrease the income of farmers.

