# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Megalive trăm năm một lần Writing/Listening/Reading cùng anh Huy Forum | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fypwWqPlEg8)

### Date: 10/08/2025
---

**In some countries, young people have become richer, healthier, and live longer, but they are less happy.**

**What are the causes? What can be done to address this situation**

**1. Opening**: Viết lại đề sau đó trả lời câu hỏi 1 cách ngắn gọn

**Thach:** Although young people have been considered to be wealthier, healthier and have longer life expectancies, their happiness seems to be decreasing in many nations. In this essay, I would evaluate the causes behind this situation before proposing some effective solutions to handle it.

**Huy Forum:** In a number of nations, although the financial and physical conditions of young people have improved, the level of happiness that the experience has decreased. In this essay, I would explore the reasons behind this development before proposing what can be done to mitigate it.

**2. Main**

**Paragraph 1:** Giải thích nguyên nhân tại sao lại ít vui hơn

**Simple draft:** when people work more, they have more money. So they can use the money to access high quality healthcare. However, working too hard makes them feel tired. As a result, they are less happy compared to the past.

**Completed version:** Since education becomes more accessible, more young people possess enough qualifications to enter the job market at a prestigious position, helping them make money faster and improving their accessibility to healthcare and other services. However, the increasing amount of workload and professional repsonsibilities means that young people no longer have enough time for their personal hobbies or social relationships. This would lead to a loss in work-life balance, **depriving** young people of the **optimal** level of happiness that they are supposed to enjoy.

**Paragraph 2:** Đề xuất những giải pháp
- Chính phủ bắt buộc phải balance lại vấn đề trên

First and foremost, the government must strictly control the amount of working time and workload that young employees are allowed to handle. By forcing young people to divert their attention, the gorvenment can help them pursue other personal passions and maintain their social relationships. This would lead to a better level of well-being for these individuals, ensuring that they can contribute sustainably to the development of their countries.

**3. Closing**

In conclusion, better access to education has improved the financial and health condition of young people. Nevertheless, it leads to a more stressful life absent of passion and personal relationships. In order to alleviate these issues, the gorvenment should control the amount of working hours of young people while promoting the role of mental well-being amoung this group of people.
