# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải đề IELTS cực khó ngày 16/9 và Reading dạng Multiple Choice cùng anh Huy Forum| THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYxyTprEL7w)

### Date: 17/09/2025
---

**Today people are surrounded by advertising. This affects what people think is important and has a negative impace on people's lives.**

**To what extent do you agree or disagree?**


**Thach:**

In this day and age, advertising is considered to exist everywhere around people. As a detrimental result, people get affected on the evaluation of a matter whether it is essential or not and their lives are also be perilously impacted. Personally, I totally/partly agree/disagree with this statement based on some reasons that are explained in this essay. 





---

**Huy Forum:**

Nowadays, advertising has become pervasive and prevalent in the lives of many individuals. Some people suggest that advertisements may alter the way we consider things as important or not and negatively affect our lives. Personally, I totally/partly agree/disagree with this thinking because of some reasons that are explained in this essay.

**Paragraph 1:** Quảng cáo ảnh hưởng tới cái mà chúng ta xem là quan trọng

**Version 1:** We often consider something as important if we are constantly reminded of them through many different sources. For example, many young people follow fashion trends since they believe that it would elevate their social status and make them more blended with their generations. Since, advertising may constantly porovide information about a service or product, it may alter what is considered as important by us.

**Version 2:** Our purchasing behavior is often initated if we perceive that something is necessary and can satisfy a unique need of us. Since advertising can provide information about the functions of a product or service, consumers may learn of things can help improve their lives. As a result, advertising has a clear role in changing or shaping our purchase behaviorally.

**Paragraph 2:** Quảng cáo ảnh hưởng tiêu cực tới cuộc sống của chúng ta.

Many advertisers are using tactics that can immediately push the sales of their products such as providing time-sensitive deals of packing products into large bundles. This may make consumers purchase products more impulsively, leading to a higner degree of dissatisfaction and buyer regret. Eventually, consumers would limit their purchasing frequencies, hurting the sales of service or product providers.

In conclusion, advertising has become a significant part of our lives, and many people believe that it affects our perception and negatively changes our lives. -> tự đưa ra quan điểm của mình. 