# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải đề IELTS Task 2 siêu quái dị ngày 13/9 cùng anh Huy Forum 9.0 IELTS | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NawmmPdZIiU)

### Date: 15/09/2025
---

**Some people think that "vertical" city is the best, where people live and work in tall buildings. Others think "horizontal" city is better, where there are few tall buildings.**

**Discuss both views and give your own opinions**


**Thach:**

Some individuals claim that living and working in tall buildings so called "vertical" city are the optimal approaches. In contrast, others believe "horizontal" city where people can live and work among a minimum number of tall buildings. Personally, I expect an appropriate number of tall buildings built in a city can bring about some benefits which can be explained in this essay.

On the one hand, living and working in tall buildings can allow people to grant most of the services without going anywhere far away. For instance, a grocery store and other beneficial playgrounds such as: football field, badminton area, swimming pool, etc whhich are all located in the below their apartment, let them get access to those services easily rather than spending more time being outside to commute every place for a certain purpose at a time. As a result, this can lead to a significant reduction of time and effort taken by people living and working in a tall buildings where the accessibilities to all the services are just right beside the.

On the other hand, living and working in a city surrounded by few tall buildings can bring some persuasive benefits. First and foremost, people tend to be more energetic while directly relish natural sceneries such as sunset, sunrise, azure sky... without being blocked by such tall buildings that circumvent their sight from achieving those views, leading to a dense environment which probably can create emptiness in there mind and lower their productiveness. Secondly, in some unexpected circumstances like fire, flood, storm.., being in a city with a few number of tall buildings is feasible for people to have some chances to escape from those perilous situations when they considered this to overweigh the advantages given by services.

In conclusion, while there are mixed opinions whether living and working in the city with tall buildings or few ones is the optimal solution. I believe a city that contains a suitable number of tall buildings and still keep natural habitats among people can lead to creating a beautiful living and working environment and alleviate some harmful situations can impend in the future.

**Huy Forum:**


Population density -> Nếu chấp nhận mật độ dân số cao thì đem lại lợi ích gì?
- Vertical city phù hợp với context là các thành phố đang tăng dân số nhanh và thiếu đất xây dựng.
- 
Some individuals suggest that having a vertical city where buildings are built to be tall to serve people's working and residental needs is the optimal approach. Others, in contrast, think that spreading a city horizontally with a limit number of tall building is superior. Although both views hold merit, I agree more with the former/latter perspective based on some reasons that are explained in this essay.

In this day and age, the population sized of many cities around the world, especially in developing countries, has increased exponentially since people migrate to these regions to seek job and educational opportunities. If the government fails to construct a city vertically that can host tall buildings, there would be insufficient spaces for people to live or work. This can increase the cost of living without improving people's income, making it more challenging for people to get access to an adequate quality of life.

In order to live a fulfilling life, a person must achieve a balance between multiple aspects, including recreational activities, social relationships, and fresh air. As a result, a horizontal city where houses are spaced separately from each other can accommodate these different needs. For instance, people can organize occasional family and social gatherings or have a place for gardening or engaging in sports. This can help them live better, increase their quality of life and the productivity of their work that can translate into a universal benefit for society.
 
In conclusion, although there are mixed opinions on determining whether a vertical or horizontal city is the best option, I believe that the ultimate choice would be depedent on the unique characteristic of an urban area. While cities with a fast increasing population size can benefit temporarily from constructing large and tall buildings, having a horizontal distribution can provide people with more comfort that leads to a better quality of living.
