# READING TASK 2

## Source: [Hướng dẫn kỹ Reading dạng Y/N/NG cùng anh Huy Forum 9.0 IELTS | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URZu7VSVim4)

### Date: 28/07/2025
---

**33.** The questionnaire results indicated that relatively **few** participants were satisfied with their performance in TEC
- **Keywords**: few, questionnaire results, performance in TEC
- **Question**: How many participants feel satisfied with their performance in TEC?
- **Essay**: In a recent evaluation survey, **most participants** ranked themselves in the satisfactory performance category and considered they
had gamed practical skills to run a small business.
- **Answer**: NO

**34.** One participant was initially tempted to withdraw from the competition.
- **Keywords**: **One**, withdraw from the competition, initially
- **Question**: How many participants want to withdraw from the competition?
- **Essay**: For example, one participant reflected: "I initially received a lot of criticism and even thought about giving up..."
- **Answer**: YES

**35.** School teachers believed that some of their students were better suited to taking part in the competition than others.
- **Keywords**: School teachers, **better suited**, some of their students
- **Question**: 
- **Essay**: Not mention
- **Answer**: NG

**36.** School teachers thought that participants' sustained interest in the programme confirmed their positive opinion of it.
- **Keywords**: **positive opinion**, School teachers, participants' sustained interest
- **Question**: Do school teachers have their positive opinion of it when participants' sustained interest in the programme?
- **Essay**: They felt zero drop-out rate strongly supported their views on the promising future of TEC.
- **Answer**: YES