# READING TASK 2

## Source: [Megalive trăm năm một lần Writing/Listening/Reading cùng anh Huy Forum | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fypwWqPlEg8)

### Date: 10/08/2025
---

**Method: Reversed Reading**

**27. When DeJesus first use ABS, he shared decision-making about strikes with it.**
- **Keywords**: DeJesus first use ABS, decision-making about strikes with it.
- **Question**: What did DeJesus do when he first use ABS?
  - Shared his decision-making -> YES
  - Something shared him / he did something else -> NO
  - Not relevant to the question -> NOT GIVEN
- **Essay**: Instead of making any judgements himself about a strike, DeJesus had decisions fed him to through an earpiece, connected to a modified missile-tracking system.
- **Answer**: **NO**

**28. MLB considered it necessary to amend the size of the strike zone when criticisms were received from players.**
- **Keywords**: MLB considered, criticisms were received from players, **necessary**.
- **Question**: Did MLB consider it **necessary**?
  - If it is necessary and MLB amended the size -> YES 
  - If it is not necessary -> NO
  - If it is not mentioned in the question -> NOT GIVEN
- **Essay**: ...players complained about some strange calls. In response, MLB decided to tweak the dimensions of the zone, and the following year the consensus was that ABS is profoundly consistent.
- **Answer**: YES

**30. The hundred-mile-an-hour fastball led to a more exciting style of play**
- **Keywords**: The hundred-mile-an-hour fastball, style of play, **more exciting**.
- **Question**: Did the hundred-mile-an-hour fastball lead to a more exciting style of play?
  - If it led to more exciting -> YES
  - If it did not -> NO
  - If not relevant to the question -> NOT GIVEN
- **Essay**: ...when the hundred-mile-an-hour fastball, which is difficult to hit and control, entered the game. It flattened the game into strikeouts, walks, and home runs a type of play lacking much action.
- **Answer**: NO
  
**31. The differing proposals for alterations to the baseball bat led to fierce debate on Sword's team.**
- **Keywords**: The differing proposals for alterations to the baseball bat, Sword's team, **led to fierce debate**
- **Question**: What did *the differing proposals for alterations to the baseball bat* lead to on *Sword's team*?
  - Fierce debate -> YES
  - Something else -> NO
- **Essay**: Not mentioned in the essay
- **Answer**: NOT GIVEN

**32. ABS makes changes to the shape of the strike zone feasible.**
- **Keywords**: ABS makes changes, the shape of the strike zone, **feasible**.
- **Question**: Does ABS make changes to the shapes of the strike zone feasible?
  - If it is -> YES
  - If it is not -> NO 
- **Essay**: Overtime, as baseball evolves, ABS can allow the zone to change with it.
- **Answer**: YES
