# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải đề Task 2 cực khó và Listening Part 3 nổ não cùng Huy Forum 9.0 IELTS | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvQb4OoGbAA)

### Date: 12/09/2025
---

**Many people feel that students should learn from online materials, while others feel that it is better to use printed materials**

**Discuss both views and give your own opinion**

**1. Opening:** Viết lại đề sau đó trả lời câu hỏi 1 cách ngắn gọn

**Thach:** Many individuals claim that online resources should be used by students for learning. However, printed materials are suggested to be superior to the online ones. Although both views hold merit, I agree more with latter perspective due to some reasons that are explained in this essay.

**Huy Forum:** A large number of individuals suggest that learning from online materials is beneficial and should be done by students. In contrast, others suggest that printed materials may offer more benefits. Although both schools of thought hold merit, I believe that using both types of materials may yield the optimal outcome.

**2. Main**

**Paragraph 1 - giải thích tại sao học sinh nên học từ nguồn tài liệu online**:

- Không thể hư hại qua thời gian
- Tiết kiệm hơn

When people rely on physical books, there are many related expense, such as the cost of printing, materials, and transportation, which waste resources and make learning materials more expensive. In contrast, virtual learning materials do not require such expenses, making them cheaper for learners. As a result, this can boost accessibility to knowledge and help students use their money for other aspects of education, such as buying new technology of affording more resources.

**Paragraph 2 - Giải thích tại sao học sinh nên học từ nguồn tài liệu offline**

- Không cần Internet

Despite of the convenience of online learning materials, they require the possession of portable devices such as laptops or smartphones, and an Internet connection. Theses requirements may increase the cost of education, especially for students with low socioeconomic backgrounds, limiting access to education and knowledge in general. As a result, printed materials are believed to be more beneficial in these circumstances but still bring the equivalent educational outcome for students.

Learning from online resources, despite of its convenience, can have negative health impacts since it requires the use of laptop or smartphones, which emit blue light and other problematic spectums of light. This may eventually weaken people's vision since learning is a long-life journey that may gradually inflict damage.

**3. Closing**

In conclusion, after considering both views, I believe that students should learn from all possible sources of materials from virtual to physical ones. While only resources elimimate the cost of transportation and printing that directly lowers the price of materials, physical books do not necessitate the possession of portable devices and the Internet, benefiting people without technological access. 
 
