# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải đề Writing 3/7 và Listening Cam 20 cùng anh Huy 9.0 IELTS | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=154PT8MNgqo)

### Date: 07/07/2025
---

**In the past, people stored knowledge in books. Nowadays, people store knowledge on the Internet.**


**Do the advantages of this development outweigh the disadvantages?**

---

**Áp dụng kĩ thuật TCA - Temporal Contrast Analysis (Sử dụng yếu tố thời gian)**

**Ví dụ: Hiện nay người ta sống thọ hơn. Tại sao?**
- Nhắc về quá khứ trước - tại sao chuyện này không có?

Due to the lack of understanding of people's biological compositions and the nature of illnesses, even a simple infection could be a fatal to many people, restrict their life expectancy significantly. However, thanks to numerous medical breakthroughs, the healthcare field has been equipped with highly effective treatments for many diseases and health issues in general. This not only prolongs people's lifespan but also elevates their quality of life.

Nowadays, after people retire, they do not have to work, 

---

**1. Opening**: Viết lại đề và trả lời câu hỏi 1 cách ngắn gọn

In the past, storing knowledge was reliance on using books. However, the Internet has helped revolutionize information storage. In this essay, I would examine the benefits and drawbacks of this development before proposing which side is more prominent.

**2. Main**

**Khổ 1 - Tích cực**: Việc lưu giữ thông tin bằng Internet có những điểm tích cực gì?
- Linh hoạt
- Dễ tìm kiếm
- Tiện lợi
- Lưu được nhiều hơn

**Version 1:** In the past, when people stored information in books, it would take up a lot of physical spaces and make the content susceptible to physical deterioration. In contrast, the Internet has allowed virtually unlimited storage of books on different online platforms and permanently preserved the data regardless of how much time has passed.

**Version 2:** In the past, storing information in books would mean that people must commute to a specific location that the books were situated to gain access to their content, limiting accessibility to knowledge,  However, as the Internet allows the uploading and viewing of books from any location around the world, it helps democratize knowledge, which benefits learners around the world and society as a whole.

**Khổ 2 - Tiêu cực** Lưu giữ books trên mạng thì có những rủi ro gì?

**Version 1:** When books are primarily stored on the internet, without access to it, people would find it challenging to get access to the content of books, especially ones living in rural areas that have limited access to the Internet.

**Version 2:** Storing books online means that access to their information relies completely on Internet accessibility, which can restrict people who live in rural areas or are affected by poverty. Furthermore, without the ability to use digital devices, navigating the complex interfaces of virtual reading platforms is challenging, and many older people whose technological capabilities were more limited often find it difficult to conduct normal reading activities.

**3. Closing**

In conclusion, after considering both sides of the development, I believe that the benefits overperform any potential problem. Not only can virtual storage of books allow universal access to knowledge, but it can also help resist physical decays which are common for conventional books. Although, this trend may limit access from some groups of people, over time, as technology becomes more pervasive, it would no longer be a problem.