# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Megalive sau bao năm tháng Wri Read Lis cùng anh Huy 9.0 IELTS | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWaJpMbu3-4)

### Date: 23/06/2025
---

**Some people believe that money for education should mainly be spent on better computers while others believe it would be better spent on teachers**

**Discuss both views and give your own opinion**

**1. Opening**

Some individuals suggest that better computers should be prioritized to receive education funding, while others think that spending money on teachers is more important. Although both views hold merit, I agree with the former/latter perspective.

**2. Main**

**Khổ 1:** Giải thích ưu điểm của việc đầu tư vào computers.
- Cải thiện computer skill.
- Cải thiện chất lượng học tập
- Hỗ trợ giáo dục

On the one hand, there are some reasons that explain why investment in computer is essential in education. In many developing countries, due to the lack of budget, the prevalence of computers in school is still suboptimal, making it hard for students to get access to the benefit of these technological devices. When the government can prioritize funding and implement more and better computers, these devices can help students learn by their own by using educational applications, reducing the burden that teachers have to handle. 

Nowadays, as society focuses on improving technological foundation, the major of teaching is often overlooked, leading to the fact that not many people want to become a teacher. This would not only decrease the quality of teaching, but also make it hard for rural and remote areas to recruit high quality educators. When the government can focus more resources on teachers by paying them more and offering better training, these aforementioned issues can be avoided, elevating the overall effectiveness of our education system.

**3. Closing**

In conclusion, although there are mixed opinions on determining whether computers or teachers should be prioritized to receive funding, I believe that investment should be equally divided. While computers can improve students' access to online resources, investment in improving teachers' salary and training can help mitigate the lack of high quality educators in many parts of the world.
