# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải Writing ngày 8/7 và Listening Part 3 cùng anh Hy 9.0 IELTS | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BehnP6SY6gc)

### Date: 10/07/2025
---

**Today there is a great increase in anti-social behaviour and lack of respect to others**

**What are the causes of this?**

**What measures can be taken to reduce this problem?**

**1. Opening** Viết lại đề và trả lời câu hỏi 1 cách ngắn gọn

In the modern world, not only has antisocial behaviours become more prevalent, but the level of respect to others has also decreased. In this essay, I would explore this tendency before proposing some effective solution that can handle it. (**Muốn điểm cao hơn phải làm rõ câu này hơn**)

**2. Main**

**Khổ 1:** - Giải thích tại sao lại xảy ra **sự tăng trưởng** trong anti-social behaviours và **giảm** respect cho người khác?

**Giáo dục**:

It is true that in families that parents fail to supervise and educate children by teaching them how to behave appropriately in social settings, these children may demonstrate antisocial behaviors. As many parents become busier and pay less attention to their kids, it is understandable that the rate of antisocial behaviors in our society has increased.

**Công nghệ**:

- Anonymity - Tính ẩn danh - giảm đi việc phải chịu trách nhiệm cho hành động của mình (accountability)
- Giảm giao tiếp - giảm sự thấu hiểu (emotional intelligence or understanding) - lack of respect to others.

In this day and age, as the Internet allows people to conceal their identities, many individuals exploit this anonymity to demonstrate anti-social activities online. Also, the reliance on technology to communicate decreases the frequency of face-to-face interactions, making it hard for people to emotionally sensitive. This may explain why the lack of respect to others has become more prevalent.


**Viết bài**: There are some major reasons behind the increase in antisocial behaviors and lack of respect to others. Although the lack of parental guidance has always been a primary contributor to the development of antisocial behaviors among young individuals, this situation has become worsened as parents become even busier and loosen their supervision significantly. [**Verion 1**] Also, the anonymity brought about by the technolocial advancements has emboldened the ability to conduct illegal activities. Furthermore, this causes a lack of face-to-face interactions, making it hard for people to maintain their emotional intelligence and directly leading to a lack of respect. [**Version 2**] Also, the pervasiveness and prevalence of online communication have plunged the frequency of genuine face-to-face interactions, compromising people's emotional intelligence and directly leading to a lack of respect among people.

**Khổ 2:** Giải thích một vài solutions

First and foremost, it is important to educate parents about the potential problems that may occur if they fail to supervise their children and also provide information about what to do if children demonstrate problematic behaviors. Also the goverment should encourage genuine interactions between people by organizing community events where all people from different groups of ages can communicate, epxress themselves, and contribute to a similar goal, which fosters understanding and empathy.

**3. Closing**

In conclusion, as antisocial and disruptive behaviors become more widespread due to the decrease in parental supervision and prevalence of modern technology, it is important for the government to educate parents and promote social interactions between citizens.



