# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải đề IELTS Task 2 dạng lạ và Listening Part 2 cùng anh Huy Forum | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWMoHUoApSY)

### Date: 21/08/2025
---

**Many people consider shopping malls as great places to spend their leisure time and meet others. People in the past, however, visited shopping malls only when necessary**

**To what extent do you think this is a negative trend?**

**1. Opening**: Viết lại đề sau đó trả lời câu hỏi 1 cách ngắn gọn

**Thach:** Spending leisure time and socializing in shopping malls are perfect activities for some individuals in this day and age. In contrast, people in the past only went to the shopping malls when they actually demanded. In this essay, I would provide the reason behind why this tendency happened before proposing whether this is beneficial or detrimental.

**Huy Forum:** Nowadays, shopping malls have become a place for recreation and social interactions although they were visited only when consumers needed to buy a product. In this eesay, I would provide the reasons behind this tendency before proposing whether this is beneficial or detrimental.

**2. Main**

**Paragraph 1: Tích cực - Service providers**

When people spend a prolonged period of time in shopping malls for recreational and social purposes, there are chances for service providers to expand their business. For instance, many shopping centers combine not only food courts that target a variety of age groups, but also miscellaneous services or personal and healthcare locations. As a result, the rate of employment would increase, benefiting many individuals in society and eventually boosting economic development

**Paragraph 2: Tích cực - Shoppers**

**Version 1:** It is true that many people's schedule in the modern world is extremely hectic, making it hard for them to allocate enough time for fundamental aspects in their lives, such as personal hobbies, social relationships, and healthcare. When they can combine shopping activities with recreational and social interaction, it can help them spend their time more efficiently, leading to a better satisfaction in their lives.

**Version 2:** It is true that many people's schedule in the modern world is extremely hectic, making it hard for them to allocate enough time for fundamental aspects in their lives, such as personal hobbies, social relationships, and healthcare. However, combining all these activities together by visiting shopping malls can help people maintain better relationships with others, satisfy their personal needs, and eventually strengthen their mental and physical well-being.

**3. Closing**

In conclusion, although there are divergent opinions on reasons for visiting shopping malls, I think that the former perspective can bring enormous advantages to both shoppers who can take their time productively for social interaction and shopping and vendors who can gain more profits from more buyers, resulting in an exponential increase in the economic growth.