# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải đề IELTS Task 2 ngày 17.7 cùng anh Huy Forum 9.0 IELTS | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5b0mTUVd8t8)

### Date: 21/07/2025
---

****

**Some people say that the government should pay money on large pieces of art, like sculptures for public display in outdoor places.**

**To what extent do you agree or disagree?**

**Một số cách đổi từ**
- Paying money = Allocating financial resources for
- Display = Exhibited
- Large = massive

**1. Opening**: Viết lại đề và trả lời câu hỏi một cách ngắn gọn

Some individual claim that paying money to construct large pieces of art, such as sculptures, which can be displayed in outdoor areas is beneficial and should be done by the government. Personally, I totally/partly agree/disagree with this suggestion based on some reasons that are explained in this essay

**2. Main**

**Totally agree:** - là chúng ta hãy nghĩ ra 2 cái benefits - độc lập với nhau


**Thu hút được nhiều khách du lịch hơn:**

**Do not write**: When we build large pieces of arts outdoor, we can attract more visitors, which helps promote tourism.

**Should do:** When the government invest in erecting large pieces of art for outdoor display, these locations can become more remarkable, helping them attract more tourists. Since these pieces of arts do not require high maintenance cost over long period of time, they can consistently generate profit for the locations, making it a cost-effective solution for developing tourism.

**Tăng vẻ đẹp của các khu vực ngoài trời:**

**Do not write**: When the government invests in building large pieces of art outdoor, we can enhance the natural beauty of the locations, making them more attractive for tourists.

**Should do:** 

**Version 1:** Building art pieces strategically in locations that lack natural beauty or attractive scenery can drastically enhance their profitability. In detail, large sculptures or other forms of art can increase the notability of a location, attracting tourists and creating profit in places that are not supported to have commercial value

**Version 2:** Building arts pieces strategically can be an effective approach to enhance the attractiveness of locations that lack natural beauty. For instance, in urban areas, the prevalence of high-rise buildings and concrete roads can significantly weaken the opportunity for tourism, and by building large exhibitions outdoor, tourists can be attracted, generating more profit and transforming the landscape of city.

**3. Closing**

In conclusion, 



