# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Megalive IELTS Writing/Listening/Reading cùng anh Huy Forum 9.0 IELTS | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_iovxwtEpA)

### Date: 03/09/2025
---

**In some cities, public parks and open spaces are changed into gardens where local residents can grow their own fruit and vegetables.**

**Do you think the benefits outweigh the disadvantages?**

**1. Main:** Viết lại đề sau đó trả lời câu hỏi 1 cách ngắn gọn

**Thach:** Public parks and open spaces are used to be the places for local residents where they can facilitate their fruit and vegetables for personal purposes in a particular amount of cities. In this essay, I would like to evaluate both the pros and cons before proposing whether or not the positive aspect overperforms its drawbacks.

**Huy Forum:** In a number of urban areas, converting public parks and open spaces into places for urban residents to grow their own fruit and vegetables has become a common practice. In this essay, I would evaluate the benefits and problems of this approach before proposing which side is more prominent.

**2. Main:**

**Paragraph 1 - Tích cực**

- Tận dụng không gian
- Tăng sinh hoạt cộng đồng
- Phục vụ được nhu cầu dễ dàng hơn. Tức là, mỗi khu vực người dân sẽ có nhu cầu riêng biệt cho các loại nông sản khác nhau. Và việc tự trồng giúp đảm bảo thỏa mãn nhu cầu, giảm chi phí vận chuyển, tăng độ tươi ngon.

On the one hand, there are some advantages when cities allow residents to grow their own fruit and vegetables in green places or open parks. First and foremost, the ability to grow produce can help reduct the reliance on food that is transferred from other regions, decreasing carbon emissions and alleviating pollution. Furthermore, farming activities can provide insightful lessons for children in an area, helping them value food and respect algriculture more, while residents can have a bonding activity that strengthens their social relationships.

**Paragraph 2 - Tiêu cực**

- Gentrification - Giá nhà đất bị đẩy lên cao do các dịch vụ cung cấp tại khu vực thay đổi
- Thành phố - cụ thể là đất - bị ảnh hưởng rất nhiều bởi quá trình xây dựng - chính vì vậy dễ tích lũy các chất hóa học tồn dư, kim loại nặng, và chúng có khả năng tích lũy trong nông sản.

On the other hand, such a measure can lead to some drawbacks that need to be addressed. Urban soil is notoriously contaminated with heavy metals due to the relentless construction of buildings and infrastructure. As a result, using soil from cities to grow crops can eventually make it more likely for dangerous metals to bio-accummulate, affecting people's health. Also, the cost for housing or real estates in general can increase in areas where crop harvesting is possible, leading to gentrification and pushing poor people away from these areas.

**3. Closing**

In conclusion, after considering both the positive and negative aspects of allowing residents in cities to grow fruit and vegetables in open spaces and parks, I believe that this measure would bring about more benefits. Not only can it help reduce the need for food transportation, but it may also have educational value for chilren and social impacts on people's relationship within a community.