# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải đề IELTS ngày 1/7 và Reading Cam 20 cùng anh Huy 9.0 IELTS | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qizRzLHSozk)

### Date: 02/07/2025
---

**Today, in many countries, both women and men work full-time. Logically, women and me should share household tasks equally.**

**To what extent do you agree or disagree?**

**1. Opening**: Viết lại đề sau đó trả lời câu hỏi 1 cách ngắn gọn

Since males and females are working full-time in many nations, some people believe that sharing household tasks equally between both genders is a logical action. Personally, I partly/totally agree/disagree with this suggestion based on some reasons that are explained in this essay.

**2. Main**

**Khổ 1:** Giải thích tại sao nam và nữ đều nên chia đều công việc nhà

In the past, males were generally the ones who were in charge of going to work and making money to raise their families, they generally did not have enough time left to do domestic tasks, making it common for females to suffer from burnt out. As both males and females are working a full-time job, the amount of free time they have is similar, allowing them to contribute equally to household works and avoiding the consequences that many past woman suffered.

**Khổ 2:** Giải thích về domestic tasks - household tasks rốt cuộc là gì?

When men and women in each family can share domestic chores together, their emotional attachment can become strengthened as cooperation leads to understanding and empathy. Also, household tasks often include the caring of young children in the family, and if both partners can be cooperative, it would foster a better upbringing for the young members since they have equal time to spend with each partner.

**3. Closing**

In conclusion, regardless of gender, people are often working full-time at the moment, I believe that sharing household tasks equally is highly beneficial and should be done in each family unit. Not only can this new arrangement allow female partners to avoid mental and physical fatigue, but it can also promote better connections between all members, including from parent to parent and parent to children.