# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải đề Task 2 ngày 12/8 cực khó cùng anh Huy Forum | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_L4f0Hg-wNg)

### Date: 17/08/2025
---

**Everyone should become vegetarian because they do not need to eat meat to have a healthy diet**

**To what extent do you agree or disagree?**

**1. Main:** Viết lại đề sau đó trả lời câu hỏi 1 cách ngắn gọn

**Thach:** A healthy diet is believed to be feasible without eating meat, hence, it is argued that people should be totally vegetarian. Personally, I partly agree with this suggestion base on some reasons that are discussed in this essay.

**Huy Forum:** Some people think that a vegetarian diet should be ultilized by all people since meat is not a necessary component for a healthy diet.

**2. Main**

**Framework để đi ý đồng ý:** 

---

[Nói ra những vấn đề mà cần đến suggestion này] -> [Dẫn chứng problems bằng ví dụ] -> [Nếu mình dùng suggestion này thì giải quyết được gì?]

**Thach:** On the one hand, there are some persuasive rationales that support the claim that people should entirely be vegetarian. In this day and age, thanks to the development of technologies in biological field. Protein is one of the most essential element that people should consume in every meal and was considered to be exploited mostly by animals, but now it can be easily created by superior scientists, leading to the redundancy of killing animals for meat, which is also a controversial action among the society. As a result, eating with vegetarian regimen is achievable and partly reducing the controversy in the mass while it still fulfills the needs for a healthy diet, particularly protein.

**Huy Forum - Paragraph 1:** It is true that animal meat contains critical nutritions and vitamins that are fundamental biological blocks of human bodies. For instance, B12, a crucial vitamin that helps people synthersize DNA, cannot be found in plants, and without it, anemia may occur, which jeopardizes people's physical well-being. As a result, following a vegetarian diet is not necessarily healthy for people.

**[Version 1] Huy Forum - Paragraph 2:** Since human require energy to function, they must comsume a variety pf energy resources, such as from protein, fats, carbonhydrates. If they entirely eliminate meat from their diet, they must subsitute it with other sources, such as carbonhydrates and fats. As ultra-refined carbs and fats are directly linked to an increase in the risk of chronic health problems, such as obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases, a vegetarian diet is not necessarily healthier than a meat-involved diet.

**[Version 2] Huy Forum - Paragraph 2:** Humans derive energy mainly from fats, carbohydrates, and proteins. Although all these sources can be taken from both animals and plants, the energy density of animal meat is often higher. As a result, the amount of food that a vegetarian needs to eat can be significantly larger than a person with a mixed diet. This is why it is harder for a vegetarian to acquire enough nutrition and vitamin from their diet, making this diet not necessarily healthier.

**3. Closing**

In conclusion, although some people think that a vegetarian diet is universally beneficial for all people, I strongly disagree. The reasons are that a lack of meat may lead to B12 deficiency while increasing the risk of chronic health problems related to the overconsumption of carbohydrates and fats.