# WRITING TASK 2

## Source: [Giải đề Task 2 ra ngày 14/8 cùng anh Huy Forum | THE FORUM CENTER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fkmqm_bJl-o)

### Date: 17/08/2025
---

**Some scientists agree that many people eat too much junk food and it is damagin their health. Some people think that this problem can be solved by educating people, while others believe that education will not work**

**Discuss both view and give your opinion**

**1. Main:** Viết lại đề sau đó trả lời câu hỏi 1 cách ngắn gọn

**Thach:** A massive amount of junk food is being consumed by many individuals and some scientists believe that this is a potential threat for those people's health. Thus, educating people about this is needed, however, some opposing ideas still present. Although both views hold merit, I would evalute the persuasiveness of each school of thought  before providing my personal agreement.

**Huy Forum:** It is scientifically proven that junk food is increasingly being consumed by a large number of people, which leads to a lot of health issues. Some individuals suggest that education can be an efficacious solution. while others claim that this approach would not work. Although both views hold merit, I agree more with former/latter perspective.

**2. Main**

**Paragraph 1:** chứng minh tại sao giáo dục lại có hiệu quả trong việc khiến người ta bớt ăn tầm bậy lại

[Nói ra những vấn đề mà cần đến suggestion này] -> [Dẫn chứng problems bằng ví dụ] -> [Nếu mình dùng suggestion này thì giải quyết được gì?]

**Version 1:** Although junk food is highly popular due to its high caloric content that sastifies consumers physically and psychologically, its side effect are not always known by people. For instance, junk food can lead to the accummulation of adipose tissue, resulting in an increasing chance of cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, or obesity. As a result, when the government includes more educational content about the problematic nature of junkk food, consumers can increase their awareness, leading to a motivation to eat healthier food.

**Version 2:** Although junk food has been proved to inflict damage upon consumers' health due to its high caloric content, official education programs, especially for children and teenagers still have not updated these problem due to the fact that fast food is a comparatively new eating option. As a result, investing in educational campaigns to reach as many people as possible and trying to include the problems of junk food in the official teaching curriculum can be efficacious, helping people become aware of the problem and start eating more healthily.

**Paragraph 2:** Viết về tại sao mội số người nghĩ rằng giáo dục lại không hiệu quả

[Nói ra những vấn đề mà cần đến suggestion này] -> [Dẫn chứng problems bằng ví dụ] -> [Nếu mình dùng suggestion này thì giải quyết được gì?]

**Version 1:** Although education can help people become aware of the perils of junk food, it often fails to decrease the overall consumption because of junk food's necessity. Since people become easier, preparing healthy food is not realistic and also may cost extra money for people. In constrast, junk food is generally cheaper and can be purchased with ease. As a result, the problem rests on increasing the availablity of healthier dietary options rather than restricting access to junk food.

**Version 2:** Although junk food can pose negative effects on people's health, most people still consume it because of the necessity and accessibility, junk food contains high calories, is easy to purchase, and has an element of affordability, which can help busy individuals satisfy their dietary needs, at least temporarily. As a result, further education is not going to be effective. This is why the government should actively restrict junk food by legislating more regulations to control its caloric content while promoting healthier alternatives, such as vegetables or hygiene proteins.


